Tacos

Taco_Photo.png

Dinner Meat Shells

Beef, 3-pounds
Lettuce, 2-leaves

This is the description of the tacos

White Cake

Cake_Photo.png

Desert Cake Gluten Dairy

white sugar, 1 cup
softened unsalted butter, 1/2 cup
Large eggs, 2
vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons
all purpose flour, 1.5 cups
baking powder, 1.75 teaspoons
table salt, 1/4 teaspoon
whole milk, 1/2 cup

This simple cake recipe was sent home from our children's school. It is the easiest, best-tasting cake I've ever made! It's great to make with the kids, especially for cupcakes. Use your favorite frosting on top of this delicious cake.

Lasagna

Lasagna_Photo.png

Dinner Noodles Dairy Meat Gluten

Ricotta cheese, 2 cups
Large egg, 1
Mozzarella cheese, 2 cups
Parmesan cheese, 3/4 cup
Italian seasoning, 2 teaspoons
Salt, 1/2 teaspoon
Pepper, 1/4 tsp
Olive oil, 1 tablespoon
Yellow onion, 1
Ground beef, 3/4 lb
Ground Italian sausage, 3/4 lb
Minced garlic, 3 cloves
Chicken broth, 1/2 cup
Marinara sauce, 40 oz
Tomato paste, 1 tablespoon
Hot sauce, 1 teaspoon
Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon
Lasagna noodles, 12 noodles
Mozzarella cheese, 2.5 cups

I suppose since I have recipes for Skillet Lasagna, Lasagna Soup, Lasagna Roll Ups, and Taco Lasagna, we are long overdue for me to share my easy, classic lasagna recipe.
This recipe has simple ingredients but tons of flavor with a creamy ricotta mixture, savory meat sauce, and lots of mozzarella cheese.
This is a great freezer meal, make-ahead recipe, and leftovers freeze and reheat super well.

Pesto Cavitapi

Pesto_Cavitapi.png

Dinner Noodles Gluten Cheese Dairy Favorite

Salt, 1 tbsp
Cavitappi Pasta, 1 pound
Olive Oil, 1 tsp
Diced Tomato, 1
Sliced Mushrooms, 4 ounces
Chicken or Vegtable Broth, 1/4 cup
White Wine, 1/4 cup
Heavy Whipping Cream, 1/4 cup
Pesto, 1 cup
Shredded Parmesean Cheese, 1 cup

Oh my god I love the noodles and company pesto cavitapi so much and I wanted to make it myself. It was just as good as I rememebered so im going to use this to save the recipe

Crepes

Crepe_Photo.png

Breakfast Dairy Gluten Vegetarian Favorite

Flour
Sugar, 2 pinches
Eggs, 3 (around 2 ounces each)
Milk, 300 mL
Water, 1 cup
Oil, 1/2 cup

Crepes are one of the easiest and most loved French dishes. It’s one of the first things I learned how to cook as a kid and every time I make them, it always reminds me of home. Everybody loves them whether you serve them simply or dressed up!

White Omelette

White_Omelette_Photo.png

Breakfast Vegetarian Dairy Cheese

Egg whites, 3
Asperagus, 1/2 lb
Prosciutto, 0.6 ounces
Parmesean Cheese, 1/3 ounce
Chives or Parsley, 3 pinches
Butter, 2 tspns
Olive Oil, 1 tspn

Here’s a recipe for a spectacular, seriously fluffy Egg White Omelette. It’s like a savoury souffle, standing tall at over 4 cm / 1.7" high, stuffed with asparagus and prosciutto. Finally, a healthy breakfast omelette that’s also equally delicious!

Waffles

Waffles_Photo

Breakfast Cake Vegetarian Gluten Dairy Favorite

Flour, 1 cup
Baking powder, 1/2 cup
Sugar, 3/4 cup
Eggs, 4 (2 oz. each)
Milk, 300 mL
Butter, 1/4 stick
Salt, 2 pinches
Vanilla, 1/4 cup

Waffles are easy – same ingredients as pancakes, just different ratios so they’re crispy outside, soft and fluffy inside. You can make this waffle recipe right now, though if you make the batter the night before they’re even better!

